Cleanup docs (#371)
irods-contrib/metalnx-web: docs/Metalnx-Architecture.md

Comparators & Helper classes stay in this package. There are some methods that check if a file is of a certain type, for example `BAM`, `VCF`, `JPEG`, and `Illumina`. There are more like helper methods used by other classes or services.

#### resources
Under the *resources* folder, we have `xml` files where there is some spring configuration.
		
### emc-metalnx-services

> This is a Metlanx subproject containing all services that compose our service layer. The service layer is used by our controllers (it will be covered later on) to do a specific job in iRODS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Metalnx subproject containing all services that compose our service layer. The service layer is used by our controllers (it will be covered later on) to do a specific job in iRODS.
```

Author: Made the change.

> This is a Metlanx subproject containing all services that compose our service layer. The service layer is used by our controllers (it will be covered later on) to do a specific job in iRODS.

Reviewer 2: Metlanx -> Metalnx

Contains all unit tests corresponding to the service layer.

### emc-metalnx-shared

> Part of the application that contains functionalities shared by both a rods admin and a rods user. Collections, favorites, file operations (move, copy, etc), shared links, metadata, and permission are all operations that both admins and users can perform. That is the reason they stay in this subproject.

Reviewer: Are favorites gone now?

Author: Yes, I'll remove that.

Author: Done

> Part of the application that contains functionalities shared by both a rods admin and a rods user. Collections, favorites, file operations (move, copy, etc), shared links, metadata, and permission are all operations that both admins and users can perform. That is the reason they stay in this subproject.

Reviewer 2: remove mention of favorites

Very useful when it's necessary to do something before or after each request. The `HttpResponseHandlerInterceptor` will intercept all HTTP responses from the server to the client and add few params: user details, metalnx version and URL mapping.

#### modelattribute

> This package contains all representation to objects that will go to the frontend. Collections and URLs are things used on the UI to properly render the page.

Reviewer: Are "collection forms" different from just "collections"? Sorry if that's a dumb question...

Reviewer 3: @JustinKyleJames Didn't see a response to this question?

Reviewer: We talked this over and determined that it is unclear what is meant by these couple of sentences. Thus, the old wording is mostly restored save for the duplicate "collection/collections forms" and "preferences" (which have been removed).

> This package contains all representation to objects that will go to the frontend. Collections forms and URLs are things used on the UI to properly render the page.

Reviewer 2: i think you can remove 'forms' here too

#### handler
Classes that handle authentication failure and success.
	
#### modelattribute
Representation of objects that will go on the UI, but only available to admins such as group, user and resource management forms.

### metalnx

This is the subproject that is the actual Web application of Metalnx. All other subprojects compose the backend side of the app while this one is the application shipped to users.

> It contains all properties files: `{irods, msi, security, log4j, mysql, postgresql}.properties` that can be modified by Metalnx administrators from inside aservlet container like Tomcat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains all properties files: `{irods, msi, security, log4j, mysql, postgresql}.properties` that can be modified by Metalnx administrators from inside a servlet container like Tomcat. 
```

Author: Made the change.

> It contains all properties files: `{irods, msi, security, log4j, mysql, postgresql}.properties` that can be modified by Metalnx administrators from inside aservlet container like Tomcat. 

Reviewer 2: remove mysql and postgresql too?
